brought to you by X nuku who says that
the that's a fucking the team 64 sucks
go suck big hairy monkey balls that was
the best nintendo system every banjo
kazooie doesn't count 64 mario 64 Swiss
mash bros I mean just all the best
titles that you can get off off the
other fucking pussy for perimeters is
cisco can go suck my big hairy dick hey
that's all I gotta say bye ok I can't
take it no more ok whoever says pit is
the cheapest character it's probably
right I swear these people keep like
spam and arrows on me and I mean I try
to be like attacking with snake but man
these fucking cock down arrows sizzly
into his side in PE you can even get on
even it's a move I swear to God is the
cheapest care to I don't even care if
you cuss me spam spam spam comments on
my page I'm gonna say it i'ma say prayer
it is the cheapest character fucktards
don't even get me started with Ike no
please you know how powerful that nigga
no no I got killed it around 40
something come on now what kind of
cheapness was dead and in a Rockies spin
like the fort 8 Jesus Christ I'm kind of
glad Martha's in this powerful I mean I
used to be my character but Jesus Christ
everybody kept using I just got tired of
it so I just switch over to snake which
it's one of the best characters in the
game to me to me that is but I can
online freaky enough said right enough
said okay I'm gonna talk about Sonic
okay nevermind
Oh mwah did you just see that new banjo
kazooie game I mean if you seem to trade
it the trailer they freaking blew off
Mario's head oh my god dude if if I it
all freakin Nintendo I would all right I
would have but straight up where's ass
but you know I'm not pissed about it I'm
on the guy may have to check out the
game though I know some of y'all pissed
because any am platform more like a
vehicle game but well that's it for now
new
you